["Pick your role carefully so that you don\u2019t get bored. Otherwise the free lunches make you fat and unhappy. Love what you do and you\u2019ll be OK. Most people are overqualified for their position.", "Smart colleagues and amazing tools and great perks, but moves too fast and has such high turnover / internal move rate that the codebase (payments stack) was out of control. Too many layers of detritus -> too much time was required to understand what the heck was going, and by that time it had changed, and/or the whole group had been re-seated and re-assigned. Consequence: more movement, lower morale, unloved code. Continual distractions: email stream, meetings, internal news, internal research questionnaires, compulsory Unconscious Bias training etc. Great food, though, great compensation + benefits. Must be sociable!", "Google refuses to accept that it is now a very large, and corporate, company. As a result of this, their response to corporate politics and gaming of their peer review process is to (a) ignore it, and (b) punish those who report it.\n\nIf you are on a good team at Google, it is undoubtedly one of the best companies in the industry to work for. Unfortunately, if a bad team lead decides to bid on you, for whatever reason, you're stuck, and the company does not handle this well.", "Worked there two years. Two of the most miserable years I spent. Job was boring, management was hostile and culture was very self absorbed and arrogant. But hey they had great insurance and free lunches. So, you are healthy and get 1 hour reprieve from the boredom.", "I've been wanting to work at google. until now no chance!\n\nBuy hey, working in a big company such google take so much pride and fulfillment, i wish they will call me one day, and tell me i got the Job.", "I am very comfortable working for Google.\nI have learned many things witch improve my skills and get great experience.\nI have great team working with them.", "A typical work day is very well balanced with coding in solitude, meetings, meals, gym going and other fun stuff.\n\nGoogle provides you with the best gear money can buy.\n\nThey take very good care of you, even in small things like CalTrain pass, onside doctor, massage, shower rooms and all sorts of food/snacks.\n\nBe careful you do not get sucked in and let Google/being a Googler become the entirety of your reality, which can easily happen here and it's not good for your overall wellbeing.\n\nOne thing really bad is that it takes so long to release something that by the time your feature is released, you might not even remember what it is. It can get frustrating for some engineers.", "It was a contract and the best place i have ever worked. lots of intellectuals to learn from. Free lunches every day and free parking in site. Freedom to work on your own projects and grow your skills. can stay much more without giving details im not allowed to speak about.", "A lot of really good people working on very interesting projects. There is never a lack of something to do, quite the opposite. Much is expected of you.", "Worked as a Software Developer during Google's 2017 Summer of Code program. Fast-paced, highly educational opportunity for beginning software developers and the open source community. Highly recommended.", "Best Search Engine in the world , Always help me a lot . i learn a lot from google . It also manage each websites & webpages in a proper way that make my work easy .", "Productive and fun workplace with ping pong table\nTypical day includes coding and literature learning/reading\ngood management\nspecial culture\nlearning, coding", "I love google, nice place to work and grow, following up on cool projects, strong team, smart people", "Productive and fun environment, best place to work. Free food, gym and many sports activities and employee activity groups.", "It is a renowned company with great culture. In recent years, google has grown too much in size which makes management less efficient and low. Still a top place to work for.", "Google is a very open, innovative company. People in there are very talented. It has industry-leading technologies and infrastructures. Overall, an amazing company.", "First of all it\u2019s an amazing experience of being able to be part of a qualitative project which certainly has a big impact not only on the research community but also on the society. Also in my case being in a Graduate Program there are lots of barrier to participate in an internship as physically relocation not possible leaving the research lab, but Google Summer of Code gave me the opportunity to experience and accomplish something more parallel with my Gradate school life.", "You will learn a lot. Food is good, people are smart, and politics is generally bearable.Good benefits. Be prepare to invest your effort.", "a typical day at work\nwhat you learned\nmanagement\nyour co-workers\nthe hardest part of the job\nthe most enjoyable part of the job", "Great work, smart people, fun tasks, really changing the world!", "Love to work here. Treat people well. Good benefits. Interesting technology."]